Add a series of short blog posts (#311)
voxpupuli/voxpupuli.github.io: _posts/2023-07-01-stdlib-9.md

---
layout: post
title: Vox Pupuli Changelog - Use/Require puppetlabs/stdlib 9
date: 2023-07-01
github_username: bastelfreak
twitter_username: bastelsblog
---

Hi!

Today, 2023-07-01, we started to implement puppetlabs/stdlib 9 support in our

> modules. The 9 release dropped a lot of functions or namespaced them. Whereever

Reviewer: ```suggestion
modules. The 9 release dropped a lot of functions or namespaced them. Wherever
```

---
layout: post
title: Vox Pupuli Changelog - Use/Require puppetlabs/stdlib 9
date: 2023-07-01
github_username: bastelfreak
twitter_username: bastelsblog
category: changelog
---

Hi!

> 
> Today, 2023-07-01, we started to implement puppetlabs/stdlib 9 support in our
> modules. The 9 release dropped a lot of functions or namespaced them. Wherever
> necessary, we will require puppetlabs/stdlib 9. In those cases we will do a
> major release of the module. We will try to combine this with the major release
> required for dropping Puppet 6 support. All modules that depend on stdlib will
> receive a PR with the title `puppetlabs/stdlib: Allow 9.x` or
> `puppetlabs/stdlib: Require 9.x`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Starting Today, 2023-07-01, we are implementing puppetlabs/stdlib 9 support in our
modules. The 9 release dropped a lot of functions or namespaced them. Wherever
necessary, we will require puppetlabs/stdlib 9. In those cases we will do a
major release of the module. We will try to combine this with the major release
required for dropping Puppet 6 support. 

All modules that depend on stdlib 9.x will receive a PR with the title `puppetlabs/stdlib: Require 9.x`.
As modules are made compatible with stdlib 9.x will recieve a PR with the title `puppetlabs/stdlib: Allow 9.x`.
```
